The First PR of the Legendary Freeze Project by Freeze software.

It all started with a user on github named @coderLukasF. He was looking at reddit posts on an OS Development subreddit.
He saw a post of a new OS made completely from scratch called FreezeOS. He liked the project. He thought it looked cool.

He looked through most of the files and code but then found something SHOCKING.

In one of the MD files, and discovered something SHOCKING.

He was in SETUP.MD, looking at the file, but at the bottom, it showed a link that was horribly wrong.
Could it have been a virus? Was the owner trying to hack someone? Was the owner hacked and the hacker was trying to get more visits to their website?

Everywhere else, the link was freezeos.org, but instead of being freezeos.org, it was freeze-project.vercel.app.

He had to investigate. I clicked on the link, freeze-project.vercel.app. It looked like a normal website.
He inspected the website carefully. Everything looked good. But why would one have two links to a website?

He looked deeper into it. HTML from freezeos.org and HTML from freeze-project.vercel.app, the same.
Same for the CSS. Same for the JS. Same for everything.

Then he realized: If this was a ripoff, this could be a bad download iso!
He downloaded it. It looked fine. It ran normally.

It looked like it could have been an old link that was abandoned. He needed to report this immediately.

Then: He decided to fork the original repository to FreezeOS. He changed the link. He submitted a pull request:

CoderLukasF commented on Feb 28:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Changed it from freeze-project.vercel.app to freezeos.org in setup.md
Thats about it

He felt good about this decision. It could change the entire OS. He could become one of the lead contributors. He hoped that would happen.
This could have been the most important PR in the projects history. Lets see what Clashnewbme, the lead developer, would say about this.

Clashnewbme commented on Mar 4:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reply: Changed it from freeze-project.vercel.app to freezeos.org in setup.md Thats about it

Thanks.

He got appreciation. He got credit. He got what he hoped for, respect. He would make a risky decision- compare the OS better to linux because of how good this PR was.
Risky, but could get him in the position he wanted.

coderLukasF commented on Mar 4
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reply: Thanks.

I know right, I added so much stuff that this os is practically better than linux!

It was very risky. He was shaking with anxiety. This could make him hated, or the most respected in the OS's history.
Then, he got a response. His eyes opened in shock. He blinked to make sure he wasnt seeing things.

Clashnewbme commented on Mar 4
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reply: I know right, I added so much stuff that this os is practically better than linux

You built the whole OS.

He wasnt seeing things. HE GOT WHAT HE WANTED THIS ENTIRE TIME!
But then, he replied to his own reply, asking coderLukasF to do one of the most risky decisions that he would do yet.

Clashnewbme commented on Mar 5
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reply: You built the whole OS.

Because you did so much can you give this repo a star?

This was insanely risky. One of his stars, he has saved since childhood, that he totally does NOT have infinite of, he has to spend.
Was it worth spending for this project? Did he REALLY want to get into this position? This would decide EVERYTHING.
His star. HIS. Could be going to an OS developer. Making an OS is hard. They deserve it.

He moved his mouse to the star button, and clicked it. HIS star was gone, but it was well spent. He needed to show proof.
Clashnewbme could just think a random person starred it. He had to show that it was HIS star.

coderLukasF commented on Mar 5
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reply: Because you did so much can you give this repo a star?

Yes.


He did it. coderLukasF did it. He showed proof of the star.

He totally became one of the lead developers after that, and totally made SO many good updates, from one MD change. Hooray!

After that, all the coders lived happily ever after.
